Add a governance extension that implements super quorum (#5492)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/ninety-rings-suffer.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `GovernorVotesSuperQuorumFraction`: Add a governance extension to enable super quorum with fractional voting.

Reviewer: `GovernorVotesSuperQuorumFraction` is not about fractional voting, its about the superQuorum being defined as a fraction of the totalSupply of voting token.

```suggestion
`GovernorVotesSuperQuorumFraction`: Add a variant of the `GovernorSuperQuorum` extensions where the super quorum is expressed as a fraction of the total supply.
```
